with feathers that allow it to blend in
with the forest sign or a thesaurus can
move unseen through the treetops
[Music]
and sign or ophisaurus is a hunter with
a potent secret weapon
in 2011 a study of the eyes of this
creature revealed that it was a predator
perfectly capable of hunting equally
during day and night
and a study of its teeth in 2009 showed
something that definitely sets it apart
from birds something far more deadly
[Music]
the greatest danger is not simply being
outnumbered we have found that sign on a
thesaurus teeth have unusual and
distinctive grooves along their length
they resemble those of the venomous Gila
monster the grooves of its teeth used to
deliver venom into its victim the team
even identified what they thought was
the location of the venom sac in the
fossil it appeared sign onethis horas
could kill with poison
[Music]
this is a far more deadly predator than
anyone ever imagined
[Music]